📝 Add parallel gateway documentation (#9)
atlas-engine/ContributionGuidelines: docs/getting_started/bpmn_elements/parallel_gateway.md

# Parallel Gateway

A Parallel Gateway is used to split the process execution into multiple paths.

![Parallel Gateway](images/parallel_gateway/parallel_gateway.svg)

Parallel branch execution only works if a **second** Parallel Gateway is used to merge the parallel branches.

> The result of the parallel paths is summarized as the "onExit" token of the second Parallel Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result of the parallel paths is summarized as the `onExit` token of the second Parallel Gateway.
```

> The second Parallel Gateway waits for all incoming paths for executing the outgoing path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second Parallel Gateway waits for all incoming paths before the outgoing path is executed.
```

**Example:**

![Parallel Gateway](images/parallel_gateway/parallel_gateway_example.svg)

In the example above the process execution starts with a normal Start Event followed by a Parallel Gateway,
which splits the execution path into multiple paths.

> If all paths are finished the second Parallel Gateway merges the results and executes the outgoing Sequence Flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If all paths are finished, the second Parallel Gateway merges the results and the Process Instance continues with the next Flow Node.
```

> If all paths are finished the second Parallel Gateway merges the results and executes the outgoing Sequence Flow.

Reviewer 2: Ich würde hier hinter noch ein Beispiel mit `Terminate End Event` einfügen, um zu zeigen, wie man parallel ausgeführte Branches vorzeitig forciert beenden kann.
